Update Readme (#63)
Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-unreal-engine-samples: README.md

![image](arcgis-maps-sdk-unreal-engine-samples.png)

> Here is an Unreal Engine 5 project containing a set of samples showing you how to accomplish various things using the combined features of Unreal Engine 5 and the ArcGIS Maps SDK for Unreal Engine. The `main` branch is configured to work with our most recent release (1.3.0) if you want to use the sample repo with an older release check out the corresponding tag of the sample repo, `git checkout 1.0.0` for the sample repo that worked with our 1.0.0 release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an Unreal Engine 5 project containing a set of samples showing you how to accomplish various things using the combined features of Unreal Engine 5 and the ArcGIS Maps SDK for Unreal Engine. The `main` branch is configured to work with our most recent release (1.3.0). If you want to use the sample repo with an older release, check out the corresponding tag of the sample repo, `git checkout 1.0.0` for the sample repo that worked with our 1.0.0 release.
```

### Note

> This repository is made up of two seperate Unity projects. If you would like to see the samples made for regular use such as Feature Layer and Routing, please use and set up the **sample_project**. If you are interested in XR Samples such as, the Virtual Reality Sample and the XR version of our Table Top Sample (coming soon), please use and set up the **xr_sample_project**. Both projects may be used and set up simultaneously, but they do not contain the same samples. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository is composed of two separate Unity projects. If you would like to see the samples made for regular use such as the Feature Layer sample and the Routing sample, please use and set up the **sample_project**. If you are interested in XR Samples such as the Virtual Reality Sample and the XR version of our Table Top Sample (coming soon), please use and set up the **xr_sample_project**. Both projects may be used and set up simultaneously, but they do not contain the same samples. 
```

### Requirements for Sample Project
* Computer running Windows or macOS
* The minimum version of Unreal Engine supported for the project is 5.0 but works with 5.1, 5.2, and 5.3
* ArcGISMaps SDK for Unreal Engine

### Requirements for XR Sample Project
* Computer running Windows (OpenXR is not supported on macOS)
* The minimum version of Unreal Engine supported for the project is 5.3 but will support new versions as they come out
* ArcGISMaps SDK for Unreal Engine

> * A VR Headset and the necessary software to through Desktop Mode

Reviewer: not all VR headsets? since we didn't add them all to the settings I believe. Can you list which ones are supported

Author: We do support all of them. If it can run through OpenXR, we can run it. When we start making hardware specific samples, we will note that it is headset/hardware specific in the readme for the sample.
